Document Linear reconnect warning state (#524)
Promptless/docs: src/content/docs/docs/integrations/linear-integration.mdx

- Granular permission control at the team level
- Regular token rotation for enhanced security

## Reconnecting Linear

If you see a "Reconnect required" warning on the [integrations page](https://app.gopromptless.ai/integrations), your Linear connection needs to be re-authenticated. This can happen when:

- Your Linear OAuth tokens have expired and cannot be automatically refreshed
- Promptless updated its authentication system and requires a one-time refresh

To reconnect:

1. Click "Reconnect Linear" on the warning card
2. Sign in to Linear when prompted
3. Authorize Promptless to access your Linear workspace

> After reconnecting, the warning disappears and Promptless can access your Linear issues again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reconnect, click **Reconnect Linear** and reauthorize Promptless to access your Linear workspace. After reconnecting, Promptless can access your Linear issues again.
```
